README.md, before:

# Next.js + Tailwind CSS Example

This example shows how to use [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) [(v3.2)](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/tailwindcss-v3-2) with Next.js. It follows the steps outlined in the official [Tailwind docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/nextjs).

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) or preview live with [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss&project-name=with-tailwindcss&repository-name=with-tailwindcss)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/), or [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

```bash
yarn create next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

```bash
pnpm create next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

Commit message:

update README, add width and height props

README.md, after:

# Image Crossfade Effect with Next.js Image + Tailwind

This is a React functional component called `ImageCrossFade` that displays an image with a cross-fade effect.

The component takes in three props:

- *imgUrl:* a string representing the URL of the image to be displayed.
- *width:* a number representing the width of the image, default value is 1728.
- *height:* a number representing the height of the image, default value is 864.

The component uses the `useState` hook to manage the state of three variables:

- *fadeIn:* a boolean value indicating whether the fade-in effect should be applied to the image.
- *loaded:* a boolean value indicating whether the image has been loaded.
- *loadedImage:* a string representing the URL of the loaded image.

The component uses the `useEffect` hook to update the state of `loaded` and `fadeIn` when the imgUrl prop changes.

The component uses the [Next.js Image Component](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-reference/next/image) to display the image. The `onLoadingComplete` prop is used to update the `loaded` and `loadedImage` state variables when the image has finished loading.

The component also displays a gradient overlay over the image using a div element with absolute positioning.

Finally, the component uses `React.memo` to optimize performance by memoizing the component and preventing unnecessary re-renders.
